chore(rpa): add documentation on Automation Anywhere in the RPA Bridge (#911)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/user-guide/camunda-bpm-rpa-bridge.md

      <td>The <code>password</code> (for On-Premises) or <code>refresh-token</code>/<code>user-key</code> (for Automation Cloud) issued by UiPath. This is used to authenticate or refresh the authentication token when it expires.</td>
      <td>-</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
      <td><code>token-expiration</code></td>

>       <td>Lifetime of the authentication token in milliseconds. The value of this property should match the configured lifetime of an authentication token acquired from UiPath.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Lifetime of the authentication token in minutes. The value of this property should match the configured lifetime of an authentication token acquired from UiPath.</td>
```

    <td><code>org.camunda.bpm.rpa.bridge.rpa.uipath.auth</code></td>
    <td>Logs details for all authentication interactions with UiPath, specifically outgoing requests. Note that responses to outgoing request are NOT logged here.Please additionally configure the <code>org.camunda.bpm.rpa.bridge.rpa.RequestHandler</code> for that purpose</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>org.camunda.bpm.rpa.bridge.rpa.aai</code></td>
    <td>Logs details for all interactions with Automation Anywhere, specifically outgoing requests. Note that responses to outgoing request are NOT logged here. Please additionally configure the <code>org.camunda.bpm.rpa.bridge.rpa.RequestHandler</code> for that purpose</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>

>     <td><code>org.camunda.bpm.rpa.bridge.rpa.uipath.auth</code></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td><code>org.camunda.bpm.rpa.bridge.rpa.aai.auth</code></td>
```

</bpmn:serviceTask>
```

### Variable Conversion with UiPath

UiPath supports basic variable types like String (text), Boolean (true/false), Number, and Date/Time, as well as more complex structures like Arrays and Data Tables.

The RPA bridge can convert primitive types (i.e., String, Boolean, Number) and Date/Time variables for Cockpit to typed variables. The complex types are passed as received from UiPath (i.e., JSON String representation).

For more information, please consult the UiPath [documentation page](https://docs.uipath.com/studio/docs/types-of-variables) about the different variable types.

### Variable Conversion with Automation Anywhere

Besides primitive variable types like String (text), Boolean (true/false), and Number, Automation Anywhere supports more complex types like DateTime, List, Dictionary, Table, and Record. Additionally, there are custom types like Credential, File, Form, Session, and Window.

The RPA Bridge can convert primitive types (i.e., String, Boolean, Number) and DateTime variables for Cockpit to typed variables. The complex types are passed as received from Automation Anywhere (i.e., JSON nodes).

> Note, that currently variables of type Window and Credential are not supported and will not be handled by the Camunda RPA bridge. If you need information from a variable of this type in your BPMN process, make sure to store it in a different variable and pass it to the RPA bridge instead.

Reviewer: Do we explicitly not handle those types? Or are they passed on as a JSON node like unknown types?

Author: We don't handle those types. We don't know the structure of the returned value as this is not documented by AAI.

Author: That means they should be passed as unknown types. I did not think about that. I will clarify that section.

Reviewer: > We don't handle those types.
Meaning we don't have them in our enum? Which would imply that they are simply passed on completely, like unknown types?

Please consult the Automation Anywhere [documentation page](https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/bot-creator/using-variables/cloud-user-local-variables.html) for more information about the different variable types.

## Error Handling

> If not everything works as expected and an RPA bot fails for any reason, you might want to react to the failure by throwing a BPMN error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case an RPA bot fails for any reason, you might want to react to the failure by throwing a [BPMN error]({{< ref "/reference/bpmn20/events/error-events.md" >}}).
```

You can do that by adding the [camunda:errorEventDefinition]({{< ref "/reference/bpmn20/custom-extensions/extension-elements.md#erroreventdefinition" >}}) extension element to a service task.

Compared to the `bpmn:errorEventDefinition`, the `camunda:errorEventDefinition` elements accept an additional `expression` attribute which supports any JUEL expression. Within the expression you have access to the `ExternalTaskEntity` object like shown in the example below. For more information about External Task error handling via `camunda:errorEventDefinition` have a look at the [External Tasks Guide]({{< ref "/user-guide/process-engine/external-tasks.md#error-event-definitions" >}}).

You can use this feature regardless of the outcome of the RPA bot. Even if the bot was executed successfully, you could still decide to throw a BPMN error. Also note, that

> the RPA bots variables are available for mapping and error handling via `camunda:errorEventDefinition`, even if the bot failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the RPA bot's variables are available for mapping and error handling via `camunda:errorEventDefinition`, even if the bot failed.
```

 * `<ui-path-url>/Jobs/UiPath.Server.Configuration.OData.StartJobs` - for starting RPA jobs
 * `<ui-path-url>/Jobs?$select=Key,State,Id,Info,OutputArguments&$filter=(<tracked-job-states-filter>) and (<job-filter>)` - find jobs in finished and failed states, only when polling is used to retrieve job status

### Requests from UiPath to Bridge:

#### Webhook:

 * `<bridge-webhook-path>/webhook/event` - notify bridge about tracked job, only when webhook is used to retrieve job status

## Automation Anywhere

When connected to Automation Anywhere, the bridge will use the following API endpoints. For more information, visit the [Swagger page](https://community2.cloud-2.automationanywhere.digital/swagger/) for the Automation Anywhere Control Room API.

### Authentication

 * `<aai-path-url>/v1/authentication` - for authentication via username/password or username/apikey and for refreshing the authentication token

### Bots

 * `<aai-path-url>/v2/repository/file/list` - find the id of the bot to be started
 * `<aai-path-url>/v2/activity/list` - get status updates for started bots
 * `<aai-path-url>/v3/automations/deploy` - deploy (start) an RPA bot

# Telemetry

> At Camunda, we strive to offer an excellent user experience at a high and stable level. On a strict opt-in basis, we are looking to collect environment and usage data to improve the user experience for you further. These insights help us to understand typical environment setups and product usage patterns and will be used to make informed product improvement decisions to your benefit.

Reviewer: Putting the `further` in front of `improve` is actually way more common in the English language 😃 

```suggestion
At Camunda, we strive to offer an excellent user experience at a high and stable level. On a strict opt-in basis, we are looking to collect environment and usage data to further improve the user experience for you. These insights help us to understand typical environment setups and product usage patterns and will be used to make informed product improvement decisions to your benefit.
```

Author: Somebody should tell Grammarly :D

Reviewer: They use it themselves [on their website](https://netolink.com/grammarly/) 🤣 
> You can use this tool for free, without any time limit. It is also possible to purchase a premium version that includes more advanced tools for people who want to further improve their English language to a high language.

Author: Very weird 🤣
